6 Game Pieces -> 1 Player 5 Computer
Read in People, Weapons, Rooms, Board Layout from Config Files
Rooms, People and Weapons don't need to match Clue.
Three Card Types:
	Room, People, Weapon
Two Player Types, 6 game pieces: 
	1 Player, 5 Computer

Requirements: Board Layout Must Have 9 Rooms, and there should be a "closet" in middle of board for players to move around
A few rooms should not be simple rectangles.
Cool Idea: Secret Passage Rooms (Mini Games would be cool too)


Deck includes 6 people 6 weapons, 9 rooms

Goal: Discover who, where and with which weapon did the murder happen. (Shuffling between games)

Setup: Give each player a starting postion. Each card is shuffled, one of each is chosen to be solution.
Afterward, remaining cards are shuffled TOGETHER and given to each player. 

Gameplay: Players take turns, human goes first.
		Every turn: 
			-Player can make accusation
			-Player can roll dice and move
			-If the player is in a room, player makes a suggestion
		Movement: possibilities: Up, down, right, left, but not diagonal.
		Program should highlight all location possibilities (target locations) for player movement		
		Target locations are defined as set of possible	squares that are on a path with exactly the rolled amount of steps
			-UNLESS player enters a room through a door or uses a secret passage (player surrenders rest of steps)
			-If player is in a room, they must exit room by any door or secret passage.
				-No reentry on same turn and player cannot choose to stay in room.
			-No movement back to same cell in a move.
			-A player may not stop on or move through a non-room location occupied by another player
			-Rooms can be occupied by same players.
			-If there aren't any possible moves, the player does not move and doesn't make a suggestion(skip)
			-When a suggestion is made, suggested player will be automatically moved to a room.

	Functions:
		Suggestion():
			A suggestion is defined as a guess of room, person, and weapon. Idea here is to eliminate possibilities.
			Other players have to disprove a suggestion by showing a card in their hand that refutes suggestion.
			Can only be made when player enters a room
				-Suggested room must match room player is in
			Person being suggested as murderer is now moved to that room (location update)
			
		IsDisproved()??? :
			Occurs one player at a time starting with next sequential player(ie. loop)
			Draft: All players are handled by AI, and cards are automatically shown to suggester. If noone has a card, continue;
			Final Cut: If the player is human, a window should allow player to choose which card to show.
			If player is AI, AI tracks what cards have been shown to each player and tries to show same card if possible.
			All players see if a person passes or disproves a suggestion, but only the player making the suggestion gets to see the card.
			Once a suggestion is disproven, break loop.

	To think about: What is implied if all players pass (aka no disprovals are offered)? Does it mean the suggestion is the solution?
		

		Accusation():
			This is a suggestion on drugs (aka extends suggestion?)
			An accusation is made when the player is ready to make a final guess
			An accusation consists of a room, weapon and person
			Unlike Suggestion, player does not need to be in a room

		Winning: A player wins if their latest Accusation is correct. 
			-If accusation is Incorrect, player loses and piece is removed from the board!

